Questions

1. You are very much interested in one of the coursework. And you are also due with one of your project. One of classmate asked you could he also contribute to your project. What would you do? What would you say to your classmate?

2. You assigned a group project and all the group members know each other very well except you. How you will manage the project? What are the factors you will consider?

3. Talk with the time when you took a stand to change something. And your teacher or managers were not convinced. What have you done? What was the output?

4. Talk with a time when you find obstacles in some challenge in some project/work. How you tackle the situation? What was the output?

Walk me through your resume.

What do you want to work in investment banking?

Why do you want to work for Goldman Sachs?

Why do you want to work for division X?

What is it about your past experience that has made you want to work for division X?

What's the most important experience you've had in your career so far? Why?

What is your biggest achievement so far?

What does division X do?

Talk me through how division X fits into the firm? (Eg. How does compliance strengthen the firm? How does the finance division protect the assets of the firm?)

Tell me about an asset class you're interested [this is asked in securities interviews].

Why do you want to work in location Z?

Talk me through a time you were working in a team and someone wasn't pulling their weight.

Talk me through a time you were working in a team and you took the initiative to make a change.

Tell talk me through a time where you had to solve a problem in an innovative way.  

Talk me through a time you had to resolve a conflict with someone senior to you.

Give me an example of a time when you worked in a team with conflict. How did you deal with this? 

Talk me through a time that you demonstrated leadership?  

What would make you a good fit with Goldman Sachs?

What's your core expertise? How have you applied that to a project?

What's your greatest strength?

Why did you choose your major?

What's the hardest problem you ever encountered? How did you overcome it?

Describe a situation that required you to overcome substantial obstacles or adversity. - What approach did you take to overcome though? What motivated you to persist? 

Please describe a time when a teacher or manager questioned a decision you made and you had to explain the reasoning reasoning behind that decision. Please describe your thought process and the outcome. Looking back, would you have done anything differently?

Your teacher assigns you to a group to complete an important class project. The classmates in the assigned group all know each other really well, but you do not know any of them. How can you ensure that you work effectively with the group?